Add mobile ur config (#304)
PickNikRobotics/moveit_studio_ur_ws: src/picknik_ur_mobile_config/README.md

# picknik_ur_mobile_config

> A MoveIt Pro MuJoCo simulation for PickNik's Universal Robots (UR) arms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A MoveIt Pro MuJoCo simulation of a UR5 arm on a mobile Ridgeback base.
```
